# 10. Disclaimer

In this chapter, we discuss major legal and regulatory aspects that everyone should read before considering buying tokens from Paycer. In particular, the PCR token, the whitepaper, and forward-looking statements are discussed in detail.

## 10**.1 PCR Token**

Before you buy any PCR tokens, you must check your local laws and regulations as you might not be allowed to participate in a token sale. Citizens from the following countries are generally excluded from token sales: China, Jordan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Russia, Singapore, Macedonia, the United States, Bolivia, Ecuador, Thailand, India, Pakistan, Algeria, and Morocco; a violation may result in the loss of the purchased tokens: You may lose all the money that you spent purchasing PCR tokens. If you purchase tokens, your purchase cannot be refunded or exchanged. There is no guarantee that the utility of the PCR tokens or the project described in this whitepaper will be delivered. You are waiving your rights by agreeing to these terms and conditions and by participating in the Paycer token sale. By participating in the Paycer token sale, you are agreeing to have no recourse, claim, action, judgement, or remedy against Paycer if the utility of the PCR tokens or if the project described in this whitepaper is not delivered or realized. If you are uncertain as to anything in this whitepaper, or if you are not prepared to lose all monies that you spend purchasing PCR tokens, we strongly urge you not to purchase any PCR tokens. We recommend that you consult legal, financial, tax, and other professional advisors or experts for further guidance before participating in the Paycer token sale outlined in this whitepaper. You are strongly advised to take independent legal advice in respect to the legality in your jurisdiction of your participation in the token sale. PCR tokens are not shares or securities of any type. They do not entitle you to any ownership or other interest in Paycer. They are merely a means by which you may utilize certain services on a platform that is yet to be developed. There is no guarantee that the platform will actually be developed.

## 10**.2 Limitations of this Whitepaper**

This whitepaper contains information about an experimental proof-of-concept ecosystem through the use of the Paycer company’s future token. The future token is not an investment product; it is not collateralized and has no intrinsic value; it is envisioned to be a future utility token for the company’s speculative ecosystem. The company is not a registered broker, analyst, or investment advisor. Everything that the company provides is purely for guidance, informational, and educational purposes. None of the information contained in this Whitepaper constitutes an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for, any future tokens or any form of offering to any legal entity within any jurisdiction, nor shall it, or the fact of its distribution, form the basis of, or be relied upon, in connection with or act as an inducement to enter any contract or commitment, therefore. The Company does not accept any liability for any loss or damage whatsoever caused in reliance upon information contained in the Whitepaper. Neither the Company nor any third party, provide any or guarantee as to the accuracy, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found outside the Whitepaper. In no event should the content of this Whitepaper be construed as an expressed or implied promise or guarantee. Content in the Whitepaper or should not be considered or relied upon as advice or construed as providing recommendations of any kind. The full functionality of the Company’s proposed ecosystem and future tokens is not yet complete, and no assurance can be provided of such completion. The functionality of the Company’s proposed ecosystem and future tokens is complex and may require enhancements and product support over time, and full functionality may take longer than expected. There may be a fatal flaw in the Company code, including a fatal flaw in the Company’s proposed ecosystem, future token, the platform and any other proposed Company operation. Expectations regarding the form and functionality of the future tokens may not be met upon release of the future tokens for any number of reasons, including a change in the design and implementation plans or delays or differences upon execution. The Company, the proposed ecosystem and the future token may fundamentally change as circumstances develop as the Company adjusts. The Company envisions launching a future token, commonly referred to as a cryptocurrency. The future token is envisioned to be based on the Ethereum blockchain. The Ethereum blockchain is still in a relatively early stage of development and is not entirely proven. Any malfunction, flaws, breakdown or abandonment of the Ethereum blockchain may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s plans contained in this Whitepaper. Advances in code cracking, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computing, may present risks to the Company. All forms of participation in cryptocurrencies involve risk. Cryptocurrencies are the subject of regulatory scrutiny by government authorities and other regulatory bodies around the world, and the Company could be adversely affected by one or more enquiries or actions. None of the content published in this Whitepaper constitutes a recommendation that any cryptocurrency, including the Company’s future token or related activity defined herein, is suitable for any specific person. None of the information provided is intended to advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, value or suitability of any particular cryptocurrency or any other matter. There is also no guarantee that the Company will deliver on the contents contained in this Whitepaper. The Company and all functionalities may need to undergo substantial development, as part of which they may become subject to significant conceptual, technical, financial or commercial changes. There is also no guarantee that the Company’s objectives will be achieved. Past results are no indication of the future. The development or deployment of the Company’s proposed ecosystem and future token may fail, be abandoned or be delayed for a number of reasons, including lack of funding, lack of commercial success or prospects, or for any internal or external cause. Information contained in this Whitepaper may be outdated. The Company has no obligation to update the information contained in the Whitepaper. Information provided in this Whitepaper is intended solely for general purposes and is obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Information contained in this Whitepaper is in no way guaranteed. Any product and/or service mentioned in this Whitepaper are not and should not be construed as offer to any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where the engagement with such products and services are restricted or prohibited by law or regulation, or where the Company would be subject to any regulatory obligation, licensing requirement, restriction, or otherwise.

NOTHING IN THE WHITEPAPER SHOULD BE TAKEN AS ANY FORM OF ADVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO FINANCIAL, LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE.

## 10**.3 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS**

Nothing in this Whitepaper is, or should be relied on as, a promise or representation as to the future. This Whitepaper presentation contains forward-looking statements, which reflect the views of the Company with respect to, among other things, the Company’s operations. The reader can identify these forward-looking statements using words such as “believe”, “expect”, “potential”, “continue”, “may”, “will”, “can”, “could”, “should”, “seek”, “approximately”, “predict”, “intend”, “plan”, “estimate”, “anticipate” or other comparable words. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Should any assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained in the Whitepaper prove to be incorrect, the actual outcome or results may differ materially from outcomes or results projected in these statements. None of the Company or any of their respective affiliates undertakes any obligation to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether because of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulation. Certain information set forth in this presentation contains “forward-looking information”, including “future-oriented financial information” and “financial outlook”, under applicable securities laws (collectively referred to herein as forward-looking statements). Except for statements of historical fact, the information contained herein constitutes forward-looking statements and includes, but is not limited to, the (i) projected financial performance of the Company; (ii) completion of, and the use of proceeds from, the sale of the shares being offered hereunder; (iii) the expected development of the Company’s business, projects, and joint ventures; (iv) execution of the Company’s vision and growth strategy, including with respect to future financial activities and global growth; (v) sources and availability of third-party financing for the Company’s projects; (vi) completion of the Company’s projects that are currently underway, in development or otherwise under consideration; (vi) renewal of the Company’s current customer, supplier and other material agreements; and (vii) future liquidity, working capital, and capital requirements. Forward-looking statements are provided to allow the reader the opportunity to understand Company’s beliefs and opinions in respect of the future so that they may use such beliefs and opinions for information purposes. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and undue reliance should not be placed on them. Such forward-looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual performance and financial results in future periods to differ 7 materially from any projections of future performance or result expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although forward-looking statements contained in this presentation are based upon what management of the Company believes are reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if circumstances or management’s estimates or opinions should change except as required by applicable securities laws. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
